chore(docs): Migrate the callouts to bullets (#3580)
kroxylicious/kroxylicious: kroxylicious-docs/docs/_modules/configuring/con-virtualkafkacluster-mtls.adoc

      tls:
        certificateRef:
          # ...
        trustAnchorRef:
          kind: ConfigMap
          name: trusted-cas
          key: trusted-cas.pem
        tlsClientAuthentication: REQUIRED
----
where:

> * `trustAnchorRef` references a separate Kubernetes resource containing the trusted CA certificates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `trustAnchorRef`  references a separate Kubernetes resource containing the CA certificates to trust.
```
